---
editor_options: 
  markdown: 
    wrap: 72
---

# batsoy

Data from "Biotic and abiotic factors shaping bat activity in Maryland
soybean fields" by L.D. Maynard, W.M Ford, J.D. Parker, and S.R.
Whitehead

Published in TBD 202X

All data were collected at Smithsonian Environmental Research Center,
Edgewater, MD, USA

## Maynard_etal_plant_sum

##Bat activity data for naturally occuring soybean HIPV trials

#jdate = Julian date

#date = date

#EPTFUS = number of big brown bat call files #LASBOR = number of eastern
red bat call files #LASCIN = number of hoary bat call files #LASNOC =
number of silver-haired bat call files #LASSEM = number of Seminole bat
call files #MYOLUC = number of little brown bat call files #NYCHUM =
number of evening bat call files #PERSUB = number of tricolored bat call
files #NOID = number of unidentified bat call files #side = side of site
(E=east, W=west) #treatment = HIPV treatment (D=damaged plants,
U=undamaged plants) #trial = trial number (1-5)

## Maynard_etal_indole_sum

##Bat activity data for synthetic soybean HIPV trials, indole

#jdate = Julian date #date = date #EPTFUS = number of big brown bat call
files #LASBOR = number of eastern red bat call files #LASCIN = number of
hoary bat call files #LASNOC = number of silver-haired bat call files
#LASSEM = number of Seminole bat call files #MYOLUC = number of little
brown bat call files #NYCHUM = number of evening bat call files #PERSUB
= number of tricolored bat call files #NOID = number of unidentified bat
call files #site = individual identifier for site #treatment = HIPV
treatment (Dispenser, Control) #trial = trial number (1-15)

## Maynard_etal_farnesene_sum

##Bat activity data for synthetic soybean HIPV trials, farnesene

#jdate = Julian date #date = date #EPTFUS = number of big brown bat call
files #LASBOR = number of eastern red bat call files #LASCIN = number of
hoary bat call files #LASNOC = number of silver-haired bat call files
#LASSEM = number of Seminole bat call files #MYOLUC = number of little
brown bat call files #NYCHUM = number of evening bat call files #PERSUB
= number of tricolored bat call files #NOID = number of unidentified bat
call files #site = individual identifier for site #treatment = HIPV
treatment (Dispenser, Control) #trial = trial number (1-8)

## Maynard_etal_indole2_all.csv

##Activity data for weather analyses

#jdate = Julian date #date = date #EPTFUS = number of big brown bat call
files #LASBOR = number of eastern red bat call files #LASCIN = number of
hoary bat call files #LASNOC = number of silver-haired bat call files
#LASSEM = number of Seminole bat call files #MYOLUC = number of little
brown bat call files #NYCHUM = number of evening bat call files #PERSUB
= number of tricolored bat call files #NOID = number of unidentified bat
call files #site = individual identifier for site

##SERC_TOWER\_[jun-sep]2021.csv ##weather data from SERC meterological
tower Jun-Sep 2021

#date #hour #TIMESTAMP #RECORD #Wind_direction_min_degrees
#Wind_direction_avg_degrees #Wind_direction_max_degrees
#Wind_speed_min_m.s #Wind_speed_avg_m.s #Wind_speed_max_m.s
#Air_Temperature_C #Internal_Temperature_C #Relative_Humidity_pct
#Air_Pressure_pascal #Rain_Accumulation_mm #Rain_Duration_s
#Rain_Intensity_mm #Hail_Accumulation_hits #Hail_Duration_s
#Hail_Intensity_hits.cm2 #Heating_Temperature_C #Heating_Voltage_V
#Supply_Voltage_V #Reference_Voltage_V #delta.air
